= zh-lorem

This rubygem is a re-imelpmentation of MoreText lipsum service provided by
Handlino Inc. See more at http://more.handlino.com/.

To use it, you `include ZhLorem::Helpers` in your code to include the following methods:

* zh_lorem_name
* zh_lorem_name_pinyin
* zh_lorem_first_name
* zh_lorem_first_name_pinyin
* zh_lorem_last_name
* zh_lorem_last_name_pinyin
* zh_lorem_email
* zh_lorem_word
* zh_lorem_words(n)
* zh_lorem_sentence
* zh_lorem_sentences(n)
* zh_lorem_paragraph
* zh_lorem_paragraphs(n)

Methods named in plural form requires one numerical argument, others requires no
arguments.

Alternatively, you may invoke methods on `ZhLorem` class, or its instance. The following
statements are taking the same action:

    puts zh_lorem_sentence
    puts ZhLorem.sentence
    puts ZhLorem.new.sentence

== Contributing to zh-lorem
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Kang-min Liu. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

